Add support for NO_COLOR and FORCE_COLOR (#7466)
pytest-dev/pytest: changelog/7464.improvement.rst

> Add support for ``NO_COLOR`` and ``FORCE_COLOR``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added support for ``NO_COLOR`` and ``FORCE_COLOR`` environment variables to control colored output.

For more information, see `the docs <https://docs.pytest.org/en/stable/reference.html#environment-variables>`__.
```
